check it out the coleslaw there's some
kind of weird like uproar and backlash
going on with the Elder Scrolls online
subscription system and when I read the
article you know I was thinking that it
was going to be backlash over the fact
that the game itself is
subscription-based I was thinking we
were going to have some kind of upper /
like hey you know I paid for the game
why are you allowed to charge a
subscription or why can't you do this
like guild wars 2 you know you guys
aren't world of warcraft stop trying to
be world of warcraft but it seems like a
lot of the backlash an uproar is
actually coming from people who weren't
ready to have their credit cards
pre-authorized which is interesting and
to fill you in on the background the
Elder Scrolls online when you buy it
comes with 30 days of free game time and
people who enter their credit cards to
paper stuff had them all pre authorized
to pay for the additional $15
subscription fee at the end of each
month and now people are getting the
pre-authorized charges and they're
flipping shit about it which you know
apparently some people didn't actually
agree to pre-done charges or maybe it
was hidden in some way I'm not sure you
know I don't play the elder scrolls
online myself because I'm not really
into subscription based rpgs but to be
sure if you know they didn't directly
agree and it wasn't obvious that they
were going to be signed up to repay
every month then that's that's a little
Shady I'm Bethesda and ZeniMax is part
definitely you know that's not an
optimal thing to do to your customer
base the exchange I think that sums up
the backlash comes down to what was
actually mentioned in the article on
kotaku in the discussion there's
somebody who said so basically because i
only have twelve dollars in my bank on
between paydays i'm not going to be able
to play the game i already paid for
until next week when i have enough to
cover the authorization what kind of
nonsense is this first of all
motherfucker why do you only have twelve
dollars in your bank account I have a
500 to 1,000 dollar emergency fund in my
bank account at all times in case shit
goes down you need to mend diversify
your bonds bitch the financial advice
aside that what but not but I mean I
agree you know usually when someone goes
after somebody who has a problem I'll
rush to the aid of somebody who has the
problem and you know maybe this guy is
fresh
out of college and stuck working some
really shitty job and he can't he's
unable to save maybe you know his
college loans are getting his wages
garnished we don't know the whole story
but let's just make the assumptions he's
just being kind of financially
irresponsible and not putting money away
which I shouldn't make that assumption
but whatever at that point you know I
agree with everybody who's saying that
hey it's your fault if you haven't saved
enough money for this knowingly and you
know it's your fault if you didn't
prepare for the charge to come you know
it was subscription-based I don't really
see why this type of backlash is
justified you know I could see people
getting up in arms over the fact that
it's subscription-based but I don't
understand them accepting that it's a
subscription-based game and then
freaking out when they're charged for a
subscription I mean just to me anyway I
don't really agree with the up and arms
pneus a part of the internet you know
it's not a really big shit storm but
from what I'm reading there are some
people in areas of the internet that are
not happy about this and if you're one
of those people I'd like to hear from
you you know why do you think that the
pre authorizations are unethical even if
you agreed to them you know do you think
that I'm making an unfair well I mean I
know I'm making them for assumption but
how unfair do you think my assumption is
about this guy do you think that
Bethesda is really terrible do you want
to start maybe I don't know what you
know discussion about how
subscription-based games might not be
very fair or maybe shouldn't exist oh no
I just want to hear your comments leave
them down there